---
description: ''
dateModified: '2016-06-02T14:37:31.488Z'
datePublished: '2016-06-02T14:37:36.830Z'
title: ''
author: []
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-06-02-77be670f-050f-4c86-bc82-eb8072dad835.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
**HOST MALANE SHANI**

FOUNDER OF MALANE SHANI GLOBAL EMPOWERMENT

INTERNATIONAL LIFE/RELATIONSHIP COACH

MOTIVATIONAL SPEAKER

HOLISTIC PRACTITIONER

Malane is an internationally known Life/Relationship Coach she has supported clients all over the world: Jamaica, Africa, Argentina, Asia, UK, Barbados, Bahamas, Canada and the United States. Clients ranging from corporate executives, high ranking government officials, celebrity stylist, military personnel, entrepreneurs, business/life coaches, psychotherapist, psychiatrist, attorneys, teachers, stay at home moms, college students and service workers have all partnered with Malane to find their authentic purpose, build emotional stamina, move through change, loss and transition and successfully take their careers to the next level and to make their dreams and visions a reality. Also, to strengthen and encourage deeper connections in their relationships and personal interactions.

CO-HOST ASHÉ

LIFE ACTIVATION COACH

ENERGETIC THERAPIST

HOLISTIC PRACTITIONER

Cristina Ash'e is a Life Coach, Energetic Activation Therapist, Massage Therapist, and Holistic Health Practitioner. She supports her clients in their healing journeys- physical, mental, emotional and spiritual- assisting them in moving stagnant energy thereby raising their frequencies, using sound, talk, touch, movement, herbs, and food as some of her tools

Cristina Ash'e works with individuals and groups, supporting them in moving through their obstacles and connecting to their authentic selves and truths, in order to heal their mind, body, spirit, and life. She supports her clients in receiving what Spirit and Life are showing them, and provides tools to empower them on their unique paths.

"My approach to this work addresses the root issues, going beyond how they manifest in a person's health and life. I work with my clients to resolve and heal their health and life issues and bring clarity to the role their beliefs and emotions have in creating their life experiences. I support them in the release of old stories and beliefs that are keeping them stuck, so that they are in position to create new possibilities."